TMT Website Implementation Plan

We are in the process of building a website which will be connected to Google Cloud Run for deployment. The website is focused on helping the portion of society which is financially illeterate and needs to make day to day financial decisions without guidance. Thus far, we have developed two calculators (the Food Inflation Calculator and the Debt Burden Calculator). More personal finance helpers will be developed in the coming weeks. Also, we have developed in parallel an interactive ai agent which purpose is to answer user's questions and engage into a conversion about the key themes of best-practice personal financial management. The ai engine needs to be connected to the website. 

development work requires the following implementations

1. Refactoring
1.1 Food Inflation Calculator. Connect the food inflation calculator script to the common files: Countries and Inflation data feeding scripts.

1.2 Debt Burden Calculator: Replace the existing calculator script with a new one that will keep the mathematical engine of the existing calculator and attach to the a script that has the same look and feel as the Food Inflation Calculator. Conect it to the common data feed files.

2.Connecting the interactive ai agent assistant:

Turning Gemini Code Assist into Your Live UI Stylist
Since you have a strict Sunday deadline, you don't need to waste time bouncing back and forth between different browser tabs. You can use your active Gemini Code Assist panel directly inside VS Code to act as your layout stylist.

Because it has full visibility into your open workspaces, it can refactor your code on the fly. Try this exact workflow today:

Open your completed, locked-in Inflation Calculator code file in VS Code.

Open your beta-stage Debt Calculator code file right next to it.

Open the Gemini Code Assist Chat sidebar in VS Code.

Highlight the full code layout of your Inflation Calculator, right-click, and select Add to Chat (or reference the file with #). Do the same for your Debt Calculator code.

Send this prompt to the inline assistant:

"Analyze the CSS styling, structural HTML grid, padding, alignment, and theme colors used in my Inflation Calculator code file. Now, rewrite the Debt Calculator code file so that it mirrors that identical aesthetic and premium UI experience layout perfectly, preserving its unique computational input variables."

The assistant will generate the cleanly styled HTML/CSS replacement blocks directly in your editor. You can accept the code injection with one click, leaving your remaining development time completely free to focus on connecting your new country and inflation rate records via your backend database!

3. Snippets
implement the insertions of the following snippets into the relevant scripts:

Here are the exact code snippets from that section so you can hand them right over to Claude Haiku 4.5 in VS Code!

1. The Global JavaScript Bundle
This script loads the Google client libraries. Have Claude place this inside your HTML <head> tags (or right before your closing </body> tag):

HTML
<script src="https://cloud.google.com/ai/gen-app-builder/client?hl=en_US"></script>
2. The Visual Search Input Bar
This is the actual input box your users will click on. Have Claude place this exactly where you want the search bar to visually appear on your page layout (like in a header or navigation bar):

HTML
<input placeholder="Search here" id="searchWidgetTrigger" />
3. The Hidden AI Search Widget Container
This is the core engine component that connects to your specific Google Cloud data store ID. Have Claude place this directly beneath the input bar code from Step 2:

HTML
<gen-search-widget 
  configId="97a196d4-63a3-4f8f-b34e-c697db7e3cac" 
  triggerId="searchWidgetTrigger"> 
</gen-search-widget>



4. Styling
To achieve a visually stunning, cohesive aesthetic across the whole site and perfectly replicate your inflation calculator’s UI onto the debt tool, you need a multimodal AI model (one that can "see" layouts and analyze CSS spacing).

You can use the multimodal Gemini models directly inside your Agent Platform Studio or via your standard Gemini workspace.

How to prompt your AI Stylist:
Take a clean screenshot of your beautifully completed Inflation Calculator interface.

Take a screenshot of your rough, beta-stage Debt Calculator.

Upload both screenshots to the AI along with your CSS/HTML framework code files.

Use this precise engineering prompt:

"Image 1 is my locked-in Inflation Calculator design blueprint. Image 2 is my rough Debt Calculator. Act as an expert frontend UI/UX stylist. Analyze the exact color hex codes, padding, margins, borders, component alignments, and typography of Image 1. Provide me with the exact Tailwind/CSS classes and structural HTML modifications required to clone that identical layout and premium financial aesthetic onto Image 2."

The model will spit back the exact structural layout code, saving you days of manually adjusting CSS grid pixels.

🗄️ 3. The 4-Day Database Shortcut
Since your goal is purely connecting the calculators to basic country and inflation rate records, do not waste time configuring an intricate relational database server.

Go to your main console menu and spin up Cloud Firestore in Native Mode.

It is a lightweight NoSQL document database.

You can upload your country inflation data as simple JSON documents directly through the console UI in minutes.

You can fetch those data points straight to your calculators using simple JavaScript inside VS Code.

Like your AI Applications Search Engine, Firestore usage is fully absorbed by your promotional project credits.

Which specific Google Cloud service or API code gave you the quota error message when you tried running it?
